CLAUDE_TASKS.md, before:

# 🤖 Claude Implementation Tasks

This file contains AI-assigned tasks from GitHub issues. When you see this file, please check the `ai-tasks/` directory for specific implementation tasks.

## Current AI-Assigned Issues

### Issue #178: [Implementation] Should we evolve the debate system into a dev team, or build a dev team that use...
- **Status:** Open
- **Priority:** High (DDD Implementation)
- **File:** `ai-tasks/issue-178.md`

## Instructions for Claude

1. Read the task file in `ai-tasks/issue-178.md`
2. Follow the Domain-Driven Design approach specified
3. Create the file structure as outlined
4. Implement according to the acceptance criteria
5. Add comments indicating which issue you're implementing

## Quick Start Commands

```bash
# View the task
cat ai-tasks/issue-178.md

# Start implementation
mkdir -p src/contexts src/events src/domain docs

# Create event storming doc
touch docs/event-storming.md
```

## Implementation Markers

When implementing, please include these markers in your commits:
- `AI-Implementation: Issue #178`
- Add clear commit messages indicating what you're implementing

Remember to follow DDD best practices and create comprehensive tests!

Commit message:

Make issue #178 urgent and prominent for Claude implementation
- Updated issue title with URGENT marker
- Pinned the issue on GitHub
- Added urgent implementation comment
- Updated CLAUDE_TASKS.md with urgent markers
- Created README_FOR_CLAUDE.md for immediate visibility

CLAUDE_TASKS.md, after:

# 🚨 URGENT: Claude Implementation Tasks

## ⚡ IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED

**Claude, you have a HIGH PRIORITY implementation task waiting!**

This file contains AI-assigned tasks that need immediate implementation. 

## 🔥 Current URGENT AI-Assigned Issues

### 📌 PINNED ISSUE #178: Evolve debate system architecture with DDD approach
- **Status:** URGENT - NEEDS IMMEDIATE IMPLEMENTATION
- **Priority:** 🚨 CRITICAL (DDD Implementation)
- **File:** `ai-tasks/issue-178.md`
- **GitHub Issue:** https://github.com/lsendel/zamaz-debate/issues/178

**⚠️ This issue is PINNED and requires immediate attention!**

## Instructions for Claude

1. Read the task file in `ai-tasks/issue-178.md`
2. Follow the Domain-Driven Design approach specified
3. Create the file structure as outlined
4. Implement according to the acceptance criteria
5. Add comments indicating which issue you're implementing

## Quick Start Commands

```bash
# View the task
cat ai-tasks/issue-178.md

# Start implementation
mkdir -p src/contexts src/events src/domain docs

# Create event storming doc
touch docs/event-storming.md
```

## Implementation Markers

When implementing, please include these markers in your commits:
- `AI-Implementation: Issue #178`
- Add clear commit messages indicating what you're implementing

Remember to follow DDD best practices and create comprehensive tests!
